Here I've already applied
the JavaScript code that we've seen.
So it already sets mouse local x and
mouse local y and we are using them here
to create a gradient that is centered
in the place where I've clicked.
I'm using the active pseudo class so I can
see the gradient when my mouse pointer is
down and
it disappears when my mouse pointer is up.
So we can use this code as a starting
point to create a ripple like that of
material design.
First let's transform this
gradient to show an actual circle.
Right now we just have a gradient from
a semi-transparent white to completely
transparent.
Let's use the same trick
that we've seen numerous
times in this workshop where
we use Color Stop at zero
to create hardlines and
now we already have a circle.
So what is the material design ripple?
In material design,
it's actually very fast.
We're gonna make an effect that's
much slower but it's basically
this circle that starts from where
the mouse pointer went down, and
then simultaneously it's a positive
fades and it's radius grows.
So it looks like this ripple
that just grows and disappears.
So how can we do that with
the same amount of JavaScript and
basically just with CSS and
the same JavaScript that we already have.